[ios][fastlane] Use fastlane match to manage distribution certificates and provisioning profiles (#5714)
expo/expo: guides/releasing/Releasing iOS.md

**How:**

- Bump Expo client versions (CFBundleVersion, CFBundleShortVersionString) in `ios/Exponent/Supporting/Info.plist`.

> - If it's the first time you're going to make iOS release build on this computer, you'll need to download our distribution certificates and provisioning profiles. We use Fastlane Match and Google Cloud Storage for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it's the first time you're making the iOS release build on this computer, you'll need to download our distribution certificates and provisioning profiles. We use Fastlane Match and Google Cloud Storage for this.
```

  - Firstly, you need to authenticate yourself on Google Cloud. Run `gcloud auth application-default login` and log in to Google Cloud Console in your browser.

>   - Now you should be able to download distribution credentials from there - to do this, run `fastlane match` in the repo's root directory and pass your Apple Developer account credentials when it prompts for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Now your computer should be able to download distribution credentials from Google Cloud Storage - to do this, run `fastlane match` in the repo's root directory and enter your Apple Developer account credentials when it prompts for them.
```
